Initial use case for consent workflow (#231)
solid/authorization-panel: proposals/evaluation/uc-1-consent.md

# Consent Workflow Use Cases

## Agent grants access to an application to a selected subset of data across pods

Alice wants to use an application called FinanceInsight to help her
understand trends in her cashflow and spending activity, using financial
data stored in her personal and work pods. First she'll needs to grant 
FinanceInsight access to that data across her two pods. 

Since she has a lot of other data in her pod that isn't finance related, 

> she needsto grant FinanceInsight access only to exactly the data it needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
she needs to grant FinanceInsight access only to exactly the data it needs.
```

> Because there's a lot of finance data spread across her pods, along with

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because there's a lot of finance data spread across pods she has access to, along with
```

Author: @elf-pavlik what about this suggestion as an alternative?

```suggestion
Because there's a lot of finance data spread across pods she either controls or has access to, along with
```

Reviewer: @justinwb -- it seems to me that "pods she has access to" includes "pods she ... controls", so I wonder why the extra text is needed?

Reviewer 3: Resolved as per https://github.com/solid/authorization-panel/pull/232

some data that is related in context, she needs help to make sure that she's
giving FinanceInsight access to all of the data it needs to operate, but no
more.

> Alice has a trusted authorization application that helps her interpret the kind

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alice has a trusted party handling authorization that helps her interpret the kind
```
